doc(licensing): document existence of Enterprise license (#600)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/licenses.md

**Note:** For Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions only.
:::

> Bonita 7.7 introduces the possibility to use a new licensing model named **Enterprise**. //TODO: to be completed by Philippe Laumay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonita 7.7 supports the **Enterprise** licensing model in addition to the Case-based and CPU-based licensing.  
```

> Bonita 7.1 introduces a case-counter mechanism to align with the Bonita Subscription edition licensing model. This page explains how to manage the license for your Bonita Platform.

Reviewer: TO REMOVE

> You can monitor the case counter using Bonita Portal *License* page in the Administrator profile, or using the [REST API](platform-api.md#license) to create a custom monitoring / alerting tool.  

Reviewer: For Case-based licensing, you can monitor...etc.

If you approach both the license expiration date and the end of the Subscription period, contact your sales person.

The case counter is reset at the end of the counter period.  
If your license expiration date comes before the end of the counter period, get and install a new license as usual.

> The case counter will continue from its current value under the new license.

Reviewer: For Case-based licensing, the case counter will... etc.
